# Exercise 02 - Our notion pages

| condition name | condition |
| :------------------ | -------------------------------------- |
| Folder name to submit: | ex02/ |
| File name to be submitted: | Files Required for React Project |
| Available external modules: | CRA, axios, @notionhq/client |
| Note: | The issued API key must be kept well to prevent leakage |

Let's use the service created by Ex01 to further develop it!

- Articles are searched based on the Notion API key you put in the project when you first log in, but create a simple CRD (Create, Read, Delete) section where you can add a key to the top.
  - Create an input to which you can add additional keys.
    - Please inform that keys that cannot be used cannot be added through alert.
  - Show the list of keys currently registered in the service at the top.
    - Key values ​​should not be shown raw in the list. Please include the name of the integration.
    - Please put a button to delete the key in the list.
      - The primary key placed in the service cannot be deleted. For the primary key, let me know with an alert that the button is not rendered or cannot be cleared when the button is pressed.
- Display the articles searched based on the registered key at the bottom of the key list in the form of a list in **creation date newest** (newest to top) without duplicates.
  - Use Pagination to render 5 posts at once.
- The information that must be displayed for each article is as follows.
  - Intergration name of the searched key
  - Post title
  - Post address (must be accessible when clicked)
  - Creation date and time
  - Last modified date and time

> 💡 You can use the client sdk provided by Notion, but if possible, use axios or fetch to communicate.

> 💡 https://create-react-app.dev/docs/proxying-api-requests-in-development/

> 💡 https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Layout_cookbook/Pagination