# Exercise 04 - my_validator

| | |
| :--------------------| --------------------------------------- |
| Folder name to submit: | ex04 |
| File name to be submitted: | server.js my_validator.js package.json, other files deemed necessary for the project |
| Available external modules: | express, dotenv, nodemon |
| Note: | None |


Checking and checking incoming requests from the server side is the basic of basics. Don't always trust the values ​​entered by the user!
Like npm's validator library, let's create our own validator once.


### Requirements


- Write server.js, which is the server that receives requests.
- Servers opened with server.js use port number 4242.
- The server receives the request as follows.

- URL: `http://localhost:4242/main`
- Method: `POST`
- Parameters: None
- Query: None
- Body: String type in json format
  ```
	{
		email : ...,
		username : ...,
		password_request : ...,
	}
  ```

- The server should check the values ​​you send as body parameters and send the appropriate response and status code.
- The validator used in server.js must be implemented in my_validator.js file.
- Your validator should check the following.
	- email form
	- Whether the username contains letters and numbers
	- Minimum number of characters in username
	- Whether password_request contains uppercase and lowercase letters, special characters, and numbers
	- Minimum number of characters in password_request
- If validation succeeds/fails, you must respond with a status code as shown below.

- **URL**
  `/main`
- **Method**
  `POST`
- **Params**
  - None
- **Query**
  - None
- **Body** - `json`
  - `email`
    - type: `string`
    - required: `true`
  - `username`
    - type: `string`
    - required: `true`
  - `password_request`
    - type: `string`
    - required: `true`
- validation pass
  - Code: `200`
  - content
    ```json
    {
		"result" : "true"
    }
    ```
- validation fail
  - Code: `400`
  - content
    ```json
    {
		"result" : "false"
    }
    ```
	
- Your validator must be used using middleware in server.js.
- Your validator must perform validation using regular expression expressions.