# Exercise 01 - Hello, ma post!

| | |
| :--------------------| --------------------------------------- |
| Folder name to submit: | ex01 |
| File name to be submitted: | *.* (but it must be a file related to the project) |
| Available external modules: | bcrypt, jsonwebtoken, [middleware supported by Expressjs team](http://expressjs.com/en/resources/middleware.html) |
| Note: | None |


Now that we have created an account server, it is time to create an api that actually writes posts.


### Requirements

- You must use ex00 that was previously written.
- You must write the api below.
  - Post writing api
  - Post delete api
  - post edit api
  - API to load saved posts up to n most recently
  - API to call up to n posts written by a specific user
- The post table and user table must have an appropriate relationship in the database.
- When writing a post, you must check that jwt is valid.
- The text length of the post should not exceed 1000 characters. If it is exceeded, subsequent excess strings should not be reflected in DB.

### Constraints

- JWT SECRET KEY must not be written raw inside the code.
- When issuing jwt, expiration must be set.
- Logic to authenticate using jwt should be implemented as middle ware.
- Inside the payload of jwt, there must be a `username` field.
- The database within the company uses Mysql. No other options are supported.
- Database handling should only be done through ORM.
- Data must be worked in conjunction with the actual database. It is not permitted to store and handle user data in the form of mockup data only in the code stage without actual DB linkage in any form.
- Saving passwords in raw-data format is prohibited.

### API Specification

As in the previous exercise, make a simple document about the api you wrote.

- Write a simple api document about the request/response details of the apis you created. This is Mandatory.
- The following fields must be specified in the api document to be written.
	- Name and description of the API
	- URL, Method
	- Params, Query, Body (can be omitted if not present)
	- Cookies (can be omitted if none)
	- Status code and message for each response
- You must write all the defined responses provided by the api you write.