# Exercise 02 - Comment on comments

| | |
| :--------------------| --------------------------------------- |
| Folder name to submit: | ex02 |
| File name to be submitted: | *.* (but it must be a file related to the project) |
| Available external modules: | bcrypt, jsonwebtoken, [middleware supported by Expressjs team](http://expressjs.com/en/resources/middleware.html) |
| Note: | None |


Now that we have created an api for writing posts, let's write an api for commenting.
I wish I could write a comment in the comments as well. Is it okay to comment too?
When you think about the positive correlation between the depth of comments and the amount of smoke on the backend, you start to get stressed.


### Requirements

- You must use the ex00 and ex01 previously written.
- You must write the api below.
  - API to write comments on posts
  - API to write a comment to a comment
  - api to delete specific comment
  - API to edit the content of a specific comment
  - API to get comments on a specific post
  - API to get a comment for a specific comment
- A separate table called reply must be defined in the database.
- The post, user, and reply tables must have an appropriate relationship in the database.
- When writing comments or replies, you must check whether jwt is valid.
- Comments must not exceed 200 characters in length. "That's what we're going to do on our side, so we'll only have 200 characters for requests," says a front-end team member!

### Constraints

- JWT SECRET KEY must not be written raw inside the code.
- When issuing jwt, expiration must be set.
- Logic to authenticate using jwt should be implemented as middle ware.
- Inside the payload of jwt, there must be a `username` field.
- Tables created or created in the DB must have an appropriate relationship with each other according to their functions.
- The database within the company uses Mysql. No other options are supported.
- Database handling should only be done through ORM.
- Data must be worked in conjunction with the actual database. It is not permitted to store and handle user data in the form of mockup data only in the code stage without actual DB linkage in any form.
- Saving passwords in raw-data format is prohibited.


### API Specification

As in the previous exercise, make a simple document about the api you wrote.

- Write a simple api document about the request/response details of the apis you created. This is Mandatory.
- The following fields must be specified in the api document to be written.
	- Name and description of the API
	- URL, Method
	- Params, Query, Body (can be omitted if not present)
	- Cookies (can be omitted if none)
	- Status code and message for each response
- You must write all the defined responses provided by the api you write.