# Exercise 03 - "Thank you for liking 00!"

| | |
| :--------------------| --------------------------------------- |
| Folder name to submit: | ex03 |
| File name to be submitted: | *.* (but it must be a file related to the project) |
| Available external modules: | bcrypt, jsonwebtoken, [middleware supported by Expressjs team](http://expressjs.com/en/resources/middleware.html) |
| Note: | None |



"No, but there it is." The boss who came to see if you are doing well is talking about it.
"If you look at Naver, Instagram, or other popular social media platforms these days, you've probably liked them. Can't we add something like that?
The boss smiles and returns to his seat. It's maddening that fixes are added, but what can I do? have to follow

Now, let's add a like function to your service.


### Requirements

- You must use ex00, ex01, ex02 previously written.
- You must write the api below.
  - API to add/remove likes to specific posts
  - API to add/remove likes to specific comments
  - API to load up to n posts in the order of the most likes among saved posts
  - API to retrieve comments on a specific post in order of most likes
- You can also add a postlike table to the database to implement the like function.
- When adding/deleting likes, you must check if jwt is valid.
- Appropriate exception handling for the number of likes must be in place.

### Constraints

- JWT SECRET KEY must not be written raw inside the code.
- When issuing jwt, expiration must be set.
- Logic to authenticate using jwt should be implemented as middle ware.
- Inside the payload of jwt, there must be a `username` field.
- There must be a table named 'user' in the DB, and there must be columns 'email', 'password', and 'username'.
- The database within the company uses Mysql. No other options are supported.
- Database handling should only be done through ORM.
- Data must be worked in conjunction with the actual database. It is not permitted to store and handle user data in the form of mockup data only in the code stage without actual DB linkage in any form.
- Saving passwords in raw-data format is prohibited.


### API Specification

As in the previous exercise, make a simple document about the api you wrote.

- Write a simple api document about the request/response details of the apis you created. This is Mandatory.
- The following fields must be specified in the api document to be written.
	- Name and description of the API
	- URL, Method
	- Params, Query, Body (can be omitted if not present)
	- Cookies (can be omitted if none)
	- Status code and message for each response
- You must write all the defined responses provided by the api you write.