# Exercise 03 - Spaghetti Story

| | |
| --------------------:| ------------------ |
| Folder name to submit: | ex03 |
| File name to be submitted: | spaghetti.js |
| Available external modules: | None |
| Note: | None |

Sunpark, which was not enough with only a pretzel part, decided to split the time and play two jobs in Spaghetti Story. Fortunately, the working method is similar to a twist, so I decided to implement it in JS this time too!

The work and time required to make spaghetti are as follows.

A. Boil noodles - 10 seconds

B1. Broccoli replacement - 1 second
B2. Saute garlic and onion - 2 seconds
B3. Saute Bacon and Ham - 2 Seconds
B4. Add the sauce and remaining vegetables and stir-fry together - 3 seconds

C. Add noodles and stir-fry together - 3 seconds

The operation can fail in the same way as before, and if it fails, the operation must be redone.

However, I thought it would take a long time to make if I proceeded sequentially, so I decided to do work A and B at the same time and when both tasks A and B were finished, I decided to do work C.

> 🤔 Depending on the failure, task A may finish first or task B may finish first.

- Each operation must be processed through a `Promise` object.
- When each step is successful, `resolve` must be used.
- The name of each step should be output using `console.log`. (At this time, the **failure content** should also be output.)
- Each task should create a failing case using `reject` of `Promise`. (In this case, it should be implemented to fail with a probability of `20%` using `Math.random()`.)
- You cannot use `async`, `await`, or `try / catch`.